♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Aided by Trafalgar Law
and Vice Admiral Smoker,
they were able to
defeat and capture Caesar
after a deadly encounter.
All this time,
you haven't had a single
bite to eat, have you?
Such a strong boy!
It must've been awful!
[rumbling]
[KIN'EMON] You have nothing
to worry about anymore!
[whimpers]
[KIN'EMON]
We must have faith
that everyone else
is alive and well!
Now...
Let us choose to live!
You hear me, Momonosuke?
[whimpers] Mm.
[LUFFY]
isten up, guys!
We got trouble headin' our way.
We're outta time.
So party fast and hard.
Dig in and get down!
[ALL cheer]
[NARRATOR] Thus, with the enemy
breathing down their necks,
our heroes initiate
the festivities
as swiftly as possible
[LUFFY] "It's Time to Say
Goodbye! Leaving Punk Hazard!"
[ALL]
Super!
[ALL laughing]
Law.
Frankly, although I
made you a promise,
you can't possibly
expect me to keep it.
You're a pirate.
But if you wanted to silence me,
you had plenty of opportunities
to do it earlier.
Using Straw Hat, what
exactly are you planning?
Using him? What makes you
think he's not using me?
[LUFFY] Well, there's four of
'em, right? So which one is it?
[LAW]
If you really need to know,
I'm talking about Kaido,
King of the Beasts.
Sure, as long as Shanks isn't
first, I'm cool with that.
And besides,
I'm already plannin' on crushin'
all Four Emperors anyway.
You seriously think
you can beat them all?
We share a common goal,
but I warn you, it ain't easy.
These are the strongest
fighters on the seas.
They've gone head-to-head
with Whitebeard
and lived to tell
about it, remember?
Not only that,
our target, Kaido,
is considered the most
powerful creature in the world.
What? Creature?
He's not even human?
We'll work together
to beat Kaido.
After that, our
alliance comes to an end.
If you're curious about
our chances of success...
Well, they're exceptionally low
and I'll leave it at that.
You gotta be kidding me!
It's not a plan, it's
a suicide mission, Luffy!
In that case...
...my answer is yes!
What?!
Can we talk this over
for just a minute?!
Not that I wanted you alive.
That's just how it worked out.
Don't read into it.
By the way, after we leave here,
I'm thinking about
heading over to Green Bit.
Who knows? The Straw
Hats may be useful.
Or maybe I'm the one
who's useful to them.
[CHILDREN laughing]
[MARINE U]
Doin' great, champ!
[MARINE V] You kiddin'?
He can barely stand!
And Gum Gum Big-Eater!
[GIRL B] Whoa, Luffy,
you turned into a balloon!
--[GIRL A laughs] So stretchy!
--[BOY D] Mega cool!
Hey, Mocha. You feelin' better?
Are ya warmin' up?
Yep! I feel great!
[CHOPPER laughs]
[BROOK laughing]
[USOPP, MARINES laugh]
Ya know, for marines,
you guys aren't half bad!
I know you're pirate scum,
but hell, I'd let
you buy me a drink!
Law...
[BUFFALO grunts]
[LAW grunts]
[FRANKY sighs] Good as new
and ready to set sail!
[SMOKER] I thought you guys
decided to use the tanker.
That was the plan, but y'see,
Nami and Chopper are both
saying we can't leave just yet.
At least not until we make sure
the children are sailing away
from Punk Hazard safe and sound.
[SMOKER grunts]
[LUFFY] That, and we
don't wanna sit around
and wait for more
Marines to show up.
You have the ship.
Ya gotta take the kids n' all.
All right, little tykes!
On the double!
Who here's ready to go home?
[TASHIGI]
There's plenty of room!
No need to hurry!
One at a time now!
[MARINE F]
Hmm?
[BROOK]
Safe travels to you!
[LUFFY, BROOK laugh]
[BOTH grunt]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[MARINE E] Listen and listen
good, you damn pirates!
Since this tanker
belongs to us now,
here's the border!
Don't even think about
crossing over to our side!
This is the division
between good and evil!
Keep back! Not one more step!
What, this again?
But we were all just partying
together a minute ago.
What's your point?
The party's over!
Not like we don't
appreciate what you did!
[MARINES]
We are grateful for the meal.
Still, pirates
are our sworn enemy!
Worst scum in the world!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[horn blares]
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
Sounds like they're
about ready to leave.
[MARINES]
Raise the sails!
[NAMI]
Huh?
[LUFFY]
Hey. What gives?
[GIRL C]
Miss Nami!
[GIRL D]
Can you hear me, Chopper?
Where's the robot?
Don't know.
I can't see the pirates
with that thing in the way!
You're trying to block
their view? Gimme a break.
It's a barrier! Protecting
the children from seeing you!
I thought we worked
out our issues here, G5.
Aren't we bros?
Oh, well. At least
they're safely aboard.
[ROBIN chuckles]
Bye, guys!
We'll miss you!
Goodbye!
Why are you gettin'
so emotional?
We stand for justice!
Cheer for us!
Don't let these pirates
try and fool you, kids!
They're bad guys!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Pirates are only scum!
Dregs of society!
But Marines stand
for law and order!
Don't let the Straw Hats
poison your minds, kids!
[CHILDREN]
Miss Nami!
[MARINE M] Don't look!
You shouldn't see 'em!
[CHILDREN]
Can you see us?
Where did you go?
[MARINE M]
Avert your eyes!
[GIRL C]
They won't give up!
[BOY B]
I can't see 'em!
[MARINE M]
That's the point! Not to!
Boy. All things considered,
I'm glad they're healthy
enough to yell like that.
Tashigi mentioned she's
going to reach out to Vegapunk
for assistance finding
a cure for the kids.
Oh, yeah? That's great!
Hey, Franky.
I've been doing some thinking
and one thing bothers me.
You remember the Mini-Merry we
sailed on to get to the island?
What ever happened to it?
Turns out, Robin,
you are the fifth person
to ask me that question.
Don't make eye contact
with those trashy pirates!
It'll ruin your vision!
Don't worry! It's the
Navy's job to protect you!
We marines are men of justice!
Hurry! Hurry up! It's the
poisonous gas from outside!
[MARINES]
Oh, no!
[SANJI] Better start
runnin' if you wanna live!
Yeah, that's right.
Justice!
Let us see them!
Get outta the way you, jerks!
Move it!
[MARINE O growls]
[MARINE P] If any of you wanna
say goodbye to the pirates,
you're just rotten kids!
And if you wanna thank them,
we'll drag you off the tanker
and leave you on the island!
[CHILDREN whimper]
[TASHIGI gasps]
[MARINE Q] Listen up! Pirates
are good-for-nothin' punks!
Marines are where it's at!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
And wherever there's
chaos in the world,
we guarantee you it means
there's a pirate close by!
You're young, but you
should know that fact!
There's no way we'll
ever forgive 'em
for the damage they've done!
Not in a million years!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[MARINES] Don't forgive! Don't
forget! Never forgive a pirate!
We don't like pirates!
Say no to pirates!
[CHILDREN whimper]
But when we asked
them for their help...
[gasps]
...they gave it without
a second thought!
They didn't even
know who we were,
what was wrong...
But they took us with
them and never complained
about our size or said
we were slowing them down!
When can we leave
this place and go home?
Trust me, it'll happen
soon! Just hang tight!
We were trapped on this island.
And no one was
gonna come save us!
But the pirates did!
[MOCHA]
Mm...
[CHOPPER]
I'm sorry!
So sorry that we didn't get here
sooner to save you from him!
Pirates are filthy! Everyone
knows they don't take baths!
On the other hand,
the Navy... is always clean!
Always beautiful!
[CHILDREN crying]
Pirates are cowards!
Buncha undisciplined slobs!
[MARINES] We don't want
pirates! The Navy is great!
We don't want pirates!
The Navy is great!
Why are they doin' this?
They won't let us say thank you!
The Navy's worse than Caesar!
Don't say that! I'm sorry!
[MARINES] We don't want pirates!
And the Navy is great!
Pirates are cowards!
The Navy is brave! We're brave!
And noble! And righteous!
Stop it! This instant!
Shame on you all!
[MARINES crying]
You... You don't
get it, Tashigi!
We have to keep sayin'
bad things about 'em...
...or else we might...
We might do the unforgivable!
We might end up liking
these guys! [crying]
[TASHIGI gasps]
[LUFFY, CHOPPER]
Hm?
[MOCHA, BIYO, SYND gasp]
Even... Even if they
are pirates! [sobs]
[laughs]
[MARINES crying]
[gasps]
[chuckles] Bunch a weirdos.
[CHILDREN shouting]
Bye, pirate guys and gals!
We'll miss you!
Thank you so much
for saving all of us!
[BIYO] When we grow up,
you know what we wanna be?
[GROUP]
Pirates like you!
[MARINES]
Please don't!
[LUFFY laughing]
You be safe!
[CHOPPER] Make sure
to get plenty of rest!
IF your parents wanna spoil you
with sweets when ya
get home, don't say no!
But don't forget to eat a
balanced nutritious diet either!
--[BROOK laughing]
--[FRANKY] Super!
Bye.
Well, it's time for us
to head out, too.
[BROOK chuckles]
The weather is quite fair today
considering it's the New World.
Still, those seas
are gonna be choppy.
Hey, why's this one's
tagging along with us?
Oh, I guess we forgot to tell
ya about the alliance we made.
I get the feeling Luffy's got us
wrapped up in trouble again.
[MARINE W]
Hey, Straw Hat!
Next time we see you,
you won't get off so easy!
Not by a long shot!
You better be ready for us!
Heh. Okay!
[LUFFY laughs]
[MARINE X] We'll lock you up
and throw away the key!
[LAW chuckles]
[horn blares]
[KIN'EMON, MOMONOSUKE gasping]
The Sunny's ready to leave
whenever you are, Luffy!
Yeah!
Wait up. Who? Samurai?
And where are you?
[MAN A] Please hurry! We're
on the island of Punk Hazard.
We don't have much time left!
[DRAGON A snarls]
What?!
[STRAW HATS gasping]
Who're you?
[CHOPPER]
What?!
[CHOPPER] NHC10. I detected
it in their sweat samples.
It's only a trace
amount, but still.
This is a stimulant!
There are prisoners here.
Young children who were
kidnapped two years ago.
Steal a ship, and we'll
kiss Punk Hazard goodbye.
Better get ready, Caesar!
First I'll kick your ass,
then I'll kidnap it.
Mocha!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Capture me if
you can, but I'm well protected.
Doflamingo, the Four Emperors.
Tell me,
do you truly have the guts
to pick a fight with them?
[LUFFY]
What'd you say?
I'm pickin' a fight.
And that's what I've
been doing my whole life!
[yells] Caesar!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Grizzly Magnum!
[LUFFY panting]
[FRANKY chuckles]
[USOPP chuckles]
[NAMI chuckles]
[KIN'EMON, MOMONOSUKE grunt]
Let's set sail!
Heh. I wouldn't be
surprised if the Straw Hats
made a deal with the devil.
Lucky bastards.
Heh. If the weather was cloudy,
I could've taken my
Sky Path straight to them.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh?
Young Master!
You won't believe this!
It was Law!
That traitor was in
with the Straw Hats!
And we let it happen!
I wish I was dead!
You needed me and now I'm
just a burden! I'm sorry!
I failed you!
[DOFLAMINGO]
This is the life-yacht
that was on our tanker, right?
I'm almost too ashamed to say.
But after I hung up...
No need. I can
fill in the blanks.
All you did was follow
the orders I gave you.
[LAW]
Well, color me surprised.
It's the boss. I didn't
expect you to show up in person.
Hello, Law.
It's been far too long.
A real shame you didn't
choose to show your face.
[LAW] I figure you
wanna know where Caesar is.
He's safely in our hands.
[CAESAR CLOWN] Joker! Where the
hell are you? They got me!
Help me, please!
[BABY 5, BUFFALO gasp]
Question, regarding the
state of my cohort's bodies.
Where are they?
[LAW] I couldn't say. Nor does
it particularly interest me.
Let's negotiate.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hmm...
C'mon, Law. Get serious here.
Stop pretending you're an adult
and let's cut to the chase.
Tell me, where
are you right now?
Answer quick or I may get mad.
[LAW]
Oh, you'll get mad?
And what about your
business partner?
What's his name?
I keep forgetting.
That's right. Kaido,
King of the Beasts.
And one of the Four Emperors.
Now, I'm just a brat,
but if there's anyone
you'd wanna keep from getting
angry, I think it'd be him.
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[LAW]
I wonder how he might react
after he finds out you
can't produce SMILE.
Who knows?
But he doesn't strike me
as the bargaining type.
I imagine a fierce
battle would ensue.
Master, you're turning blue.
[LAW]
When it's over, you'll be gone.
All right, you've carried
the joke far enough.
So let's discuss the
terms like grownups.
What do you wanna
trade for Caesar?
[LAW]
Resign from the Seven Warlords.
That's all.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm?
Can you believe the
nerve of this punk?!
If Joker quits, he'll be
forced to leave Dressrosa!
[LAW]
Come now,
I'm only asking for you to
abandon a decade of hard work.
To go back to being
a simple pirate.
Unfortunately,
once that happens,
the Navy Admirals
at headquarters
won't be able to turn
a blind eye to you any longer.
You have until tomorrow.
[LAW]
If I look in the morning paper
and see a headline announcing
your resignation
from the Warlords,
then I will call you
and the deal is on.
[DOFLAMINGO growls]
[LAW]
But if I don't see it,
then my offer is
as good as dead.
So long.
Just a damn minute! Law!
[DOFLAMINGO sighs, grunts]
Young Master!
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[BUFFALO grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'm gonna kill that brat!
[NARRATOR] While sailing
towards the next island
of the New World,
everyone is left in shock
as Law reveals his plan to
defeat the Four Emperors.
Meanwhile, back on Punk Hazard.
Doflamingo descends
from the skies
and proceeds to decimate
Smoker and the G-Five forces.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The G-5 Wiped Out!
Doflamingo's Sudden Attack!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!